README.md, before:

RimWorld 1.4 Multiplayer Kitchen Sink Reloaded Modpack
===
![Rimworld 1.4 Multiplayer Kitchen Sink Reloaded Modpack Logo](mp-kitchen-sink-reloaded-logo-wide.png)
[![License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc/3.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rimworld-1.4-green.svg)](http://rimworldgame.com/)

Suggested DLC:
* Royalty
* Biotech

Multiplayer:
* Zetrith's Multiplayer Mod
* Multiplayer Compat

A few years have gone by and now its time to try again. This modpack is
a slightly less ambitious updated reload of a previous pack that never
stopped desync'ing.

## Installation

1. Click `Subscribe to all` on the ![Steam](https://i.imgur.com/XEAiSka.png) [Mod Collection](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3174706609) (like and favorite if you choose)
2. Download the [latest config files here](https://github.com/ubergarm/rimworld-mp-kitchen-sink-reloaded/archive/master.zip)
3. Copy/paste the `Config` and `HugsLib` folders from the zip replacing yours e.g. `C:\Users\%USERPROFILE%\AppData\LocalLow\Ludeon Studios\RimWorld by Ludeon Studios\Config` or in Linux `~/.config/unity3d/Ludeon Studios/RimWorld by Ludeon Studios/Config`

TODO: Address pinning versions so nothing changes during a play-through...

## Loose Stairs
Known source of desyncs:

* RimHud - don't click self-tend toggle in RIMHud UI - use Health Tab button instead!??
* Alpha Genes - don't use string genes to transmit genes to selected target (is bugged, only xfers names but not genes)??
* More Faction Interaction - Avoid Help With Harvest, Diplomatic Marriage, Annual Expo Event (disabled this in config)
* Numbers - Hunt/Tame in Wildlife Tab causes desync (use the overworld gizmo instead)
* Vanilla Persona Weapons Expanded - changing persona weapon appearence causes desync, reachin baron/baroness and picking a custom persona weapon causes desync (have server do it alone and save)
* Vanilla Hair Expanded - don't use the barber table (removed it with cherrypicker)
* Set Up Camp - has bugs with multi-faction multiplayer mode (tested okay with normal mode)
* Smart Medicine - just to be safe I disabled stock-up in the configs, you can manually pickup some meds to your doc's inventory - maybe fixed but i'm being safe as it was an old issue psure
* Replace Stuff - don't use replace tool, just place new materials over old ones instead
* Grazing Lands - chance to destroy grass on consumption must remain 0% - just use default config and should be safe
* Follow Me - do *not* use the cinematic camera or RNG gets desynced
* Designator Shapes - "flood fill" causes desyncs
* Colony Groups - Group Menu -> Work -> Form Caravan desyncs, don't use any features except as a colonist bar replacement
* Work Tab - don't use favorites menu it may desync
* Yayo - not known for desyncs, but just to be safe disable ammo as it is just too much more variables

## Unknown Quantities
These mods have nothing listed in compatibilty spreadsheet:

* Startup Impact 1.4 - only for testing
* Mod Error Checker - only for testing
* Better Surgery - tested okay, failed catastrophic surgery and no desyncs. seems like a good mod!
* More Slaves - seems okay, didn't fuss while trading
* Medicines+ 1.4 - hypnotol seems bugged and throws errors but does not desync...
* The Price is Right - seems okay, didn't fuss while trading
* Tacticowl - it is listed as supported on MPCompat and its 3x base mods are compat
* Float Sub-menus - for the searchable menus, so must be okay
* Searchable Menus - working okay so far, looks great and works well!
* ResearchPal - 1.4 Repackage - so far so good in very limited testing
* Invisible Conduit - it used to work, hopefully still fine
* Incident Person Stat (Continued) - seems okay, just adds more info to existing quest dialogues
* Holy Washer (Continued) - tested good
* Heat Map (Continued) - so far so good
* Grenade Fix - Rearmed - psure the old one was okay
* Fluffy Breakdowns - should be fine, the old one seemed to work okay
* Fermenter (Continued) - claims to have native multiplayer support and in limited testing didn't desync
* Faction Control 1.4 - in limited testing seems okay
* Deep Storage Plus (Continued) - so far so good, the old one was fine

## Testing
Start up an MP server and connect to yourself by starting a second copy
of RimWorld.
```bash
LC_ALL=C ~/.local/share/Steam/steamapps/common/RimWorld/RimWorldLinux -logfile /tmp/rimworld_test_client_log
```

## Development
Copy all configs in linux here:
```bash
./update.sh
```

## References
* [RimWorld Multiplayer Kitchen Sink Reloaded Modpack Steam Workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3174706609)
* [RimWorld Multiplayer Kitchen Sink Reloaded Modpack GitHub](https://github.com/ubergarm/rimworld-mp-kitchen-sink-reloaded)

Commit message:

Add notes and script on how to pin workshop mods
Keep a local copy for more consistent playthough.

README.md, after:

RimWorld 1.4 Multiplayer Kitchen Sink Reloaded Modpack
===
![Rimworld 1.4 Multiplayer Kitchen Sink Reloaded Modpack Logo](mp-kitchen-sink-reloaded-logo-wide.png)
[![License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc/3.0/88x31.png)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/Rimworld-1.4-green.svg)](http://rimworldgame.com/)

Suggested DLC:
* Royalty
* Biotech

Multiplayer:
* Zetrith's Multiplayer Mod
* Multiplayer Compat

A few years have gone by and now its time to try again. This modpack is
a slightly less ambitious updated reload of a previous pack that never
stopped desync'ing.

## Installation

1. Click `Subscribe to all` on the ![Steam](https://i.imgur.com/XEAiSka.png) [Mod Collection](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3174706609) (like and favorite if you choose)
2. Download the [latest config files here](https://github.com/ubergarm/rimworld-mp-kitchen-sink-reloaded/archive/master.zip)
3. Copy/paste the `Config` and `HugsLib` folders from the zip replacing yours e.g. `C:\Users\%USERPROFILE%\AppData\LocalLow\Ludeon Studios\RimWorld by Ludeon Studios\Config` or in Linux `~/.config/unity3d/Ludeon Studios/RimWorld by Ludeon Studios/Config`
4. Workshops mods constantly change so pin them by zipping `~/.steam/steam/steamapps/workshop/content/294100/*` and vendoring it to clients to unzip into `~/.steam/steam/steamapps/common/RimWorld/Mods/`. Don't use the "make local copies" as it messes up the mod names and patches are not properly applied.
TODO: put a link to the windows version of the above directories.. Probably AppData something something...

You can skip step 4, but it may be possible mod updates will break the MP compat of the pack during a long playthrough.
Once you are using local versions of the mods, just ignore the mod manager notes about updated versions.

## Loose Stairs
Known source of desyncs:

* RimHud - don't click self-tend toggle in RIMHud UI - use Health Tab button instead!??
* Alpha Genes - don't use string genes to transmit genes to selected target (is bugged, only xfers names but not genes)??
* More Faction Interaction - Avoid Help With Harvest, Diplomatic Marriage, Annual Expo Event (disabled this in config)
* Numbers - Hunt/Tame in Wildlife Tab causes desync (use the overworld gizmo instead)
* Vanilla Persona Weapons Expanded - changing persona weapon appearence causes desync, reachin baron/baroness and picking a custom persona weapon causes desync (have server do it alone and save)
* Vanilla Hair Expanded - don't use the barber table (removed it with cherrypicker)
* Set Up Camp - has bugs with multi-faction multiplayer mode (tested okay with normal mode)
* Smart Medicine - just to be safe I disabled stock-up in the configs, you can manually pickup some meds to your doc's inventory - maybe fixed but i'm being safe as it was an old issue psure
* Replace Stuff - don't use replace tool, just place new materials over old ones instead
* Grazing Lands - chance to destroy grass on consumption must remain 0% - just use default config and should be safe
* Follow Me - do *not* use the cinematic camera or RNG gets desynced
* Designator Shapes - "flood fill" causes desyncs
* Colony Groups - Group Menu -> Work -> Form Caravan desyncs, don't use any features except as a colonist bar replacement
* Work Tab - don't use favorites menu it may desync
* Yayo - not known for desyncs, but just to be safe disable ammo as it is just too much more variables

## Unknown Quantities
These mods have nothing listed in compatibilty spreadsheet:

* Startup Impact 1.4 - only for testing
* Mod Error Checker - only for testing
* Better Surgery - tested okay, failed catastrophic surgery and no desyncs. seems like a good mod!
* More Slaves - seems okay, didn't fuss while trading
* Medicines+ 1.4 - hypnotol seems bugged and throws errors but does not desync...
* The Price is Right - seems okay, didn't fuss while trading
* Tacticowl - it is listed as supported on MPCompat and its 3x base mods are compat
* Float Sub-menus - for the searchable menus, so must be okay
* Searchable Menus - working okay so far, looks great and works well!
* ResearchPal - 1.4 Repackage - so far so good in very limited testing
* Invisible Conduit - it used to work, hopefully still fine
* Incident Person Stat (Continued) - seems okay, just adds more info to existing quest dialogues
* Holy Washer (Continued) - tested good
* Heat Map (Continued) - so far so good
* Grenade Fix - Rearmed - psure the old one was okay
* Fluffy Breakdowns - should be fine, the old one seemed to work okay
* Fermenter (Continued) - claims to have native multiplayer support and in limited testing didn't desync
* Faction Control 1.4 - in limited testing seems okay
* Deep Storage Plus (Continued) - so far so good, the old one was fine

## Testing
Start up an MP server and connect to yourself by starting a second copy
of RimWorld.
```bash
LC_ALL=C ~/.local/share/Steam/steamapps/common/RimWorld/RimWorldLinux -logfile /tmp/rimworld_test_client_log
```

## Development
Copy all configs in linux here:
```bash
./update.sh
```

## References
* [RimWorld Multiplayer Kitchen Sink Reloaded Modpack Steam Workshop](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3174706609)
* [RimWorld Multiplayer Kitchen Sink Reloaded Modpack GitHub](https://github.com/ubergarm/rimworld-mp-kitchen-sink-reloaded)
